this story tells about a boy who always
gets violence from his drunken father
almost every day his father always beat
him the boy had an iron doll who always
witnessed his father's crimes one day
the father was violent again until
suddenly the iron doll came to life and
immediately killed the father the boy
was then locked up in prison years
passed now he has grown up and out of
prison he returned to his former home
which now looked destroyed and empty but
just then he saw his iron doll still
lying in the same place for years he was
so sad to see the iron doll and
immediately approached him unexpectedly
there was the corpse of a boy who had
become a skeleton inside it turned out
to be his younger brother who had a
disability all this time their father
had locked him in the iron doll